refactor (#327)
KxSystems/docs: docs/wp/data-recovery.md

```

kdb+ messages were described above in [_kdb+ messages and upd function_](#kdb-messages-and-upd-function). 
In a typical RDB, `upd` will perform an insert. 

> Therefore, executing a single line in the logfile will be equivalent to ``insert[`tablename;tabledata]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a typical RDB, `upd` performs an insert. 
Therefore, executing a single line in the logfile is equivalent to ``insert[`tablename;tabledata]``.
```
